Update bicep references (#1149)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/guides/author-apps/aws/howto-aws-resources/index.md

- [eksctl CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html)
- [kubectl CLI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [rad CLI]({{< ref "installation#step-1-install-the-rad-cli" >}})

> - [Bicep VSCode extension and Bicep configuration file]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}})

Reviewer: I think it might be better splitting this into two steps 

1) VSCode extension and 
2) Bicep configuration - Note that most of the how-to-guides use `rad init` to initialize Radius and the environments linking the step from the installation page as pre-reqs-https://docs.radapp.io/installation/#step-3-initialize-radius or adding `rad init` as an explicit step in the flow. so adding a snippet about `bicepconfig.json` in both those places might be better. Hence we need not have a separate step for Bicep config

Does this makes sense?

> - [Bicep VSCode extension and Bicep configuration file]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-radius-bicep-extension" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bicep VSCode extension and Bicep configuration file]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}})
```
I think this is already pointing to the wrong step in the installation page. Can you clean this up across all pages ?

Author: Updated

- [eksctl CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html)
- [kubectl CLI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [rad CLI]({{< ref "installation#step-1-install-the-rad-cli" >}})
- [Bicep VSCode extension]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}})

> - [`bicepconfig.json`]({{< ref "/guides/tooling/bicepconfig/overview" >}}) file in your application's directory

Reviewer: Creating a radius environment using `rad init --full` is a step in this how-to guide. Can you remove this from here and add the content about `bicepconfig.json` to step 2 of this how to guide. Here is where adding and reading repetitive content from the shared-content folder will be helpful.

Author: I kept the bicepconfig info page under tooling but I moved the actual content to the shared folder. I update this file to reference the rad init option from the shared folder

- **Add AWS provider** - An [AWS cloud provider]({{< ref "/guides/operations/providers/aws-provider" >}}) allows you to deploy and manage AWS resources as part of your application. Follow the how-to guides to [configure the AWS provider]({{< ref "/guides/operations/providers/aws-provider/howto-aws-provider" >}}) with the preferred identity.
- **Environment name** - The name of the environment to create. You can specify any name with lowercase letters, such as `myawsenv`.

> ## Step 3: Create a `bicepconfig.json` in your application's directory 

Reviewer: As discussed lets add a note that says select "no " to setup application in the previous step so that the steps remain the same.

Author: Updated
